  
• Author: Michaël André Franiatte.  
  
• Contact: michael.franiatte@gmail.com.  
  
• Publisher: https://github.com/michaelandrefraniatte.  
  
• Works: Source codes, equations, hypothesis, programs, libraries, dependencies, websites, webapps, webservices, pages, scripts, configs, supports, infos, tips, helps, tricks, advices, ideas, designs, pictures, arts, videos, streams, demos, speaks, sounds, songs, links, tools, toys, fluids, molecules, materials, stabilisis, synthesis, books, articles, thesis, stories, widgets, macros, files, presentations, inventions, discoveries, experiments, experiences, analysis, feelings, teacheries, expertisis, practices, diagnosis, concepts, architectures, frameworks, words, debugs, releases, lucids, structures, draws, courses, curves, calculations, trends, effects, creations, derivates, modes, methods, functions, tabs, slides, keys, bindings, evolves, spirits, prevails, labels, etc.  
  
• Copyrights and Intellectual Property: All rights reserved, no permissions granted, on any work of author by the way. Author is owning the entire intellectual properties on his works, no one has any right to use it freely. No one has any right to put his name on anything from works of author.  
  
• License: Not open source, author retains all rights, and no one may distribute, or reproduce, or modify, or create derivative works. Even published publicly, a hand to hand license purchase with a contract is required to use any work of author in any manner.  
  
• Requirement and Consent: Contact, pay, and quote author for being granted to use. Permissions are only given with the consents of author by contacting him for using his works. Author has the right to refuse any use depending who asking, the price to be paid, and for what. Author has the right at any time to withdraw his consent to anyone and to ask additional requirement without limit. Any work of author may not be used without the requirements and consents. Only personal use is tolerate, only under the shape of author builts, only with the respect of copyright laws, and only with the respect of requirements and consents.  
  
• Share: Using undirectly constitute an infringement to copyrights which is also sanctionned by copyright laws. Owning or obtaining any work of author is a serious mistake not to be made without the requirements and consents. No one may own or obtain or use directly or undirectly any work of author without the requirements and consents. No one may share directly or undirectly any work of author with or without the requirements and consents. Sharing is strictly prohibited for anyone in any way and in any manner with or without the requirements and consents.  
  
• Infringement: Not being aware of the risk incurred against copyright laws and from factual acts by using any work of author isn't tolerate, because it isn't believable so much it's big. Not respecting the terms of copyrights and intellectual property of author corresponds to a lot of criminal facts behind to sue, no one may deny. Who's not agree with the terms above, owe to author the subsequent penalities, for each use direct or undirect from any work of author.  
  
• Agreement: A hand to hand license purchase with a contract is required to use any work of author, even published publicly. Do not redistributing in any manner, including by computer media, a file server, an email attachment, etc. Do not embedding it or linking it including applications, scripts, files, etc. Do not use for any kind of technical support including on customer or retailer computer, hardware or software development, research, discovery, teachery, talk, speech, write, video, topic, thread, etc. Do not use for win money or for commercialisation of any product. Do not use, do not copy, do not modify, do not steal, do not reproduce, do not share, do not peer. Do not use in other manner than personal. Do not use without contact, pay, and quote author. Do not use without the consents of author. If you aren't agree you shall not use anything and you shall delete everything. It stand for any work of author or anything using or copying or modifying or stealing or reproducing or sharing or peering any work of author.  
  